Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Ji Won.
I love you, Seo Ji Won.
That's a lie.
All I need is you.
I can't believe those words either.
I love you.
♫ It's like everything is fine ♫
♫ And the hands of the clock move again ♫
But I can't stop Lee Seung Yu.  ♫ And the hands of the clock move again ♫
♫ Even those difficult memories ♫
♫ Will fade ♫
♫ Each repeating day ♫
♫ If you keep looking for something ♫
I need to stop thinking about it, but when Lee Seung Yu shows up...
I always break down in front of him.
♫ You don't have to struggle, it's just going to flow ♫
Episdoe 10: The Adults' Delusion
Do you want to eat something?
Actually, I'm not feeling too well today.
Somehow, it sounds like you're asking me to go.
I have to do some work.
I couldn't get any work done because someone suddenly came looking for me.
I can't love him anymore.
I have to push him away.
Now that I've finally realized that I love her, I can't let go of Seo Ji Won.
I told you to let go. Let go of me this second!
Capture. Tap, tap!
Instead of obstinately holding out, you should tap out if you can't go on.
- I wasn't obstinately holding out. I definitely could have won that!  - Ah, seriously.
Let's go again. I'll attack.
I'm not letting you off easy this time. Like this...
Like that?
Have done Jujitsu too?
I know how to do a lot of things.
Oh, I see.
You should pay more attention to me.
You've never asked about me.
I want to get to know everything about you.
I'm curious about what kind of a person you are, Miss Ran Ju.
But I'm not curious at all.
Are you that scared?
- Of what?  - Falling for me.
- You're being ridiculous.  - Now you seem like a scaredy-cat.
- What?  - You only pretend to be strong.
I'm speechless.
Miss Ran Ju, give me your hand.
Why?
Tell me everything you're afraid of.
If you can tap out well, you'll be able to get back up on your feet,
and start over again.
So why don't you just surrender and confess already? That you love me.
Forget it. That's not going to happen.
I really can't draw right now.
[Washenjo Lounge]
I guess you're fond of drinking.
Looks like you're working quite hard, seeing that you're coming here at this hour.
- Do you live around here?  - Sorry?
- Last time you definitely said...  - I didn't tell you that we lived in the same neighborhood because I was afraid it'd become awkward between us.
But now that we keep running into each other, I don't have any other choice.
I see. You're someone who doesn't like to mix work with personal life.
I hate mixing personal feelings with work. Be it dating or anything else.
Oh my god!
I wanted to separate the writer from the work,
but seeing you right now, I don't think I can do that.
- Pardon?  - You like thrilling things.
Doesn't it bother you? Or do you enjoy it?
Ah, the writer and the work, both are strong.
I'm not sure what tone I should go ahead with.
Director Cha Do Hoon.
Let me ask you one thing.
While working on this project, have I wronged you in some way?
Or have I made a mistake?
- Well, I didn't mean it like that...  - Yes.
I'm dating Assistant Manager Lee Seung Yu.
But is that something I should be sorry about and apologize for?
Rather than analyzing my private life, you should analyze "Psycho Bride" instead, Director Cha Do Hoon.
Because that's the director's job.
Seo Ji Won! When are you going to become an adult?
Ah, why'd you get mad at him? What's going to come out of being rude to him?
What should I do know? Calm down.
What are you doing?
You kept mumbling to yourself. You seemed like a crazy person.
Are you challenging me to a fight right now?
Fine. I can fight much better than you'd think.
So you're the type of person that can't think of anything else when you're mad.
Here.
Ah! Why is this...
See? You're analyzing me even now. I told you not to do that, right?
I'm sorry. If I were to give you an excuse,
I'd say that since it's a story that you've written, if I got to know you,
I'd be able to understand the story much better...
Then did you think that, like the main lead, I'm someone capable of murder?
You're a creator too and you still don't understand?
To be honest,
there's someone I really hate as well.
But I still miss that person.
I thought you felt the same way I did, so that's why I was like that.
Gosh, I'm telling you all sorts of stuff.
Anyhow, whatever the excuse may be...
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Then let's work comfortably again.
Well, I don't think we've ever been comfortable with each other.
Then I'll take that as you accepting my apology.
I'll go now. Have a good night.
♫ Suddenly the city lights turn so bright ♫
[I went too far as well. I'm sorry.] ♫ Suddently the city lights turn so bright ♫
♫ (I can't take my eyes off, just like you) ♫ ♫ Like the starlight, one by one, my heart starts to shine ♫
[After all, kids grow up by fighting. This project is like a child too.]  ♫ Like the starlight, one by one, my heart starts to shine ♫
[So let's fight well and make it a success. Let's make up well too!]  ♫ No matter how many times I see you, I miss you ♫
♫ Everyday I hear you but I want to hear more ♫
♫ The blowing breeze brings out my innocent heart ♫
♫ So it can send a little your way ♫ ♫ Call me tonight ♫
[I'm sorry.] ♫ When today becomes a memory tomorrow ♫
I'm sorry. ♫ I'm sure we will be much closer ♫
I also apologized so... let's call today's incident even.
♫ I keep getting greedy ♫♫ Why does my heart feel anxious? ♫
♫ Why does my heart feel anxious? ♫ ♫ Why are you so slow? ♫
There's someone I really hate as well.
But I still miss that person.
I thought you felt the same way I did, so that's why I was like that. ♫ So it can send a little your way ♫
I'm sorry. ♫ Call me right now ♫
Someone I really hate.
But I still miss him.
Announcer Lee can't know about this, understand?
- Yes.  - Yes.
To be honest, it wasn't that interesting.
- Writer Jung!  - Hello?
Yes. Oh, yes.
What was that?
Hey, tell me now.
Noona, it's not that... I'll tell you separately... it's not like that...
It seems okay but...
'Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming' suddenly cancelled after 2 years - drastic change in fall.
The least you could have done is not let me find out about it this way.
I did want to tell you about it, but one thing led to another and...
When is the last broadcast?
The re-shuffling is next week.
So what you're saying is this Friday will be the last.
Things just turned out that way, I guess.
The least we can do is be courteous to our listeners.
We'll gather and run through the most popular segments during our time.
It will be a farewell special for the next week.
Any break-up has its own set of steps and procedures.
Please, let's at least act like humans, okay?
I'm sorry, Ran Ju.
I wanted to protect it but that was...
Forget it. Just get ready for the broadcast.
But Announcer Lee is really cool. I'm sure it hurts her pride.
It's her one and only program and that's it.
You're right.
'Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming' suddenly cancelled after 2 years - drastic change in fall.
If you can tap out well, you'll be able to get back up on your feet, without hurting yourself,
and start over again.
Hello. 'Lee Ran Ju's World of Dreaming' starts now.
Why are you here?
You called for a substitute driver, right?
Whenever you need a substitute driver, call Jun Yeong, Jun Yeong, Hyeong Jun Yeong!
Your hand.
You drive.
Wait for me.
Timing and subtitles brought to you by  The How to Be Thirty Team @ Viki
Why did we come here?
I found a place you could hide.
Miss Ran Ju, it feels like you going to start crying any time now.
♫ The love you seek ♫
♫ I wasn't able to be that person ♫
♫ I hoped they weren't better than me ♫
♫ What should I do? What should I do? ♫
♫ Acting as if everything is fine ♫
Ji Won.
Seo Ji Won.
♫ I need to continue by myself ♫
♫ From behind you ♫
At some point, I realized that just because you're an adult,
you don't know everything about life.
♫ Just come to me. ♫
How To Be Thirty
Should I have cherished my first love as just that?
Why are you thinking about it in such a complicated way?
Either you take him or you get him taken.
So you're saying this story is about Oppa Seung Yu?
So the both of them fall in love again?
Why are you curious about that?
By chance, have you made a mistake?
What are you talking about?
The both of you seem to be really close.
Isn't that so, Director Cha Do Hoon?